Slew of minor doc fixes (#20860)
visit-dav/visit: src/doc/using_visit/MultipleDatabaseAndWindows/Database_comparison.rst

In the above expression, the first argument to `conn_cmfe()` serves as the *donor*
field and the second argument is the *target* mesh. This expression is a simple
difference operation of database A minus database B. Note the special `[0]id`

> *time specification syntax* before the colon but after the filesystem path in

Reviewer: ```suggestion
*time specification syntax* before the colon but after the file system path in
```

   Database B subtracted from database A

Plotting values relative to the first time-state
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Plotting a variable relative to its initial values can be important for
understanding how the variable has changed over time. The conn_cmfe
expression is also used to plot values from one time-state relative to
the values at the current time-state. Consider the following expression:

<mesh/ireg> - conn_cmfe(</usr/local/visit/data/dbA00.pdb[0]i:mesh/ireg>, mesh)

The above expression subtracts the value of *mesh/ireg* at time-state zero
(in the `[0]i` without the `d` means to always map *absolute* time index
zero from the *donor*) from the value of *mesh/ireg* at the current time
As the time slider is changed, the values for the *active* database will
change but the part of the expression
using conn_cmfe, which in this case uses the first database time-state,
will not change. This allows users to create expressions that compare the
current time-state to a fixed time-state.

.. _a_minus_a0:

.. figure:: images/a_minus_a0.png

>    Time-state 6 minus time-state 0

Reviewer: this is a case where the hyphens seem distracting to me (timestate would be better)
